now Felicia wanna count from one to
three when I reach number three you're
going to open your eyes and you're going
to tell me all the wonderful things that
is happening in Colorado
as you speak who slowly turn into a
chicken the speech will slowly turn into
chicken you realize that you're talking
and chicken talk you try to resist
talking into chicken talk the more you
resist trying to talk and chicken talk
the more you will be talking like a
chicken and the more you resist becoming
a chicken the more you'll become a
chicken you'll find yourself thinking
like a chicken you'll find yourself
acting like a chicken and the more you
resist that happening the more it is
going to happen
1 2 3 eyes open why do we hey so I was
Colorado Karan is great oh yeah there's
like something to do you can go fishing
you know rafting and go up to the
mountains another high
I'm sorry what did you ask know what's
what's called a rather like lots of legs
and mountains and people are always out
and about and blue sorry
people are always out about doing stuff
outside and
it's uh it's really it's really
beautiful what's your favorite part of
Colorado I really enjoy for tolerance
sorry
it's where I've been going to school and
for the last couple years and I really
enjoy um which school did you go to CSE
oh yeah
Carlos State University and I majored in
speech communication
what did you study Media English history
tell me more
I may be your feel comfortable standing
up stand up
yes stand up do you feel more
comfortable
good um so what's what's your favorite
class I I really liked my media ecology
class kind of talks about looking at
media sing what kind of I'm sorry um my
current class yes yeah my media ecology
class we would study lots of old medians
those are how it affects people sidings
how it talks about cultures and it's
awesome class
what are you doing what what are you
doing your licks all right yeah just
look one
what's the last name um sir Martinelli
hmm is afro tall right yeah like I was
something in my throat
what are you looking at
feel
so how long have you been in New York
three weeks
anymore
I'm living with a friend
see a Red Dog
tell me more
falesha sleep
deeper and deeper down or more relaxed
being so good so calm so comfortable
just let yourself go right now sleeping
so deep so comfortable
now Esther I'm going to count from 1 to
3 when I reach the number 3 you're going
to believe your psychology professor
you're going to stand up and you're
going to give a speech whenever I say
the word